Update documentation for new OS support timelines (#6460)
dotnet/dotnet-docker: documentation/supported-platforms.md

.NET supports [a broad set of operating systems and versions](https://github.com/dotnet/core/blob/main/os-lifecycle-policy.md). When producing container images, it’s impractical to support the full matrix of OS, arch, and .NET version combinations. In practice, images are produced for a select set of operating systems and versions. If official .NET container images aren't provided for your preferred OS, [let us know by opening a discussion](https://github.com/dotnet/dotnet-docker/discussions). Alternatively, you can [author your own .NET images](scenarios/installing-dotnet.md).

> - Images for new OSes are typically released within one month of the new OS release, with a goal to release same-day when possible.
> - New OSes are always available in the [nightly repositories](https://github.com/dotnet/dotnet-docker/blob/nightly/README.md) first, and are added to the officially supported repos afterwards.

Author: ```suggestion
- Images for new OS versions are typically released within one month of the new OS release, with a goal to release same-day when possible.
- New OS versions are always available in the [nightly repositories](https://github.com/dotnet/dotnet-docker/blob/nightly/README.md) first, and are added to the officially supported repos afterwards.
```

> - New OSes are always available in the [nightly repositories](https://github.com/dotnet/dotnet-docker/blob/nightly/README.md) first, and are added to the officially supported repos afterwards.

Reviewer: Can you remove the word "always"?

.NET supports [a broad set of operating systems and versions](https://github.com/dotnet/core/blob/main/os-lifecycle-policy.md). When producing container images, it’s impractical to support the full matrix of OS, arch, and .NET version combinations. In practice, images are produced for a select set of operating systems and versions. If official .NET container images aren't provided for your preferred OS, [let us know by opening a discussion](https://github.com/dotnet/dotnet-docker/discussions). Alternatively, you can [author your own .NET images](scenarios/installing-dotnet.md).

> - .NET container images for new OS versions are added according to the following policies:
>   - Azure Linux, Debian, Ubuntu LTS, and Windows — new images released the same day as the new OS release.
>   - Alpine Linux — new images are released as soon as possible except when the Alpine Linux release aligns closely with a .NET servicing release, in which case new images will be released alongside the .NET servicing updates or shortly thereafter.
> - New OSes are always available in the [nightly repositories](https://github.com/dotnet/dotnet-docker/blob/nightly/README.md) first, and are added to the officially supported repos afterwards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Images for new OSes are typically released within one month of the new OS release, with a goal to release same-day when possible.
- New OSes are always available in the [nightly repositories](https://github.com/dotnet/dotnet-docker/blob/nightly/README.md) first, and are added to the officially supported repos afterwards.
```
